- [Narrator] This is Wayne.
As a sports fan, he understands
all about how numbers
and analytics can determine
the success of a team.
Pro sports use data to
minimize the risk of loss
and maximize the likelihood of success.
For years, he's been thinking about
how to apply that concept at work.
As someone who assesses
risk for his company,
he's always looking to
limit their exposure.
But he wants more extensive coverage,
and knows that analytics
are the way to get it.
Barbara, on the other hand,
hasn't even thought of it.
She too, manages risk for her company.
Sure, they can test a
sample of transactions,
and they can use surveys and meetings
to develop their risk assessments,
which can be inefficient and
relies on informal evidence.
What Barbara doesn't know is
just how much more effective
her job would be if she used analytics.
Green Skies Analytics work
with risk-minded people,
like Wayne and Barbara
to automate processes,
analyze, and visualize data,
and provide wisdom from their data.
They can test 100% of the
data instead of a sample,
providing greater knowledge
of how to mitigate risk.
Whether it's for using analytics to drive
the risk assessment program,
testing specific controls
in your audit program,
dashboard development,
providing support of your
compliance regulations,
addressing fraud risk management,
or expanding your enterprise
risk management program.
Wayne and Barbara need to know that
the time is coming when
companies will be required
to use analytics for risk management,
and that now is the time
to get ahead of the curve.
Why now?
That's because a few major
forces are changing the market.
First, the regulators are
using data analytics and will
have an expectation that
Wayne and Barbara do the same.
Second, the demand for
data analytics is high.
Google trends show it's increased
nearly 300% in the past five years.
Yet data analyst jobs are
the most challenging to fill,
and third, the technology for audit
and risk specific data
analytics has matured.
So now the tools are available.
Because Barbara already had her audit plan
for the year in place,
they work with her to use analytics
to complement her
traditional controls testing.
Wayne, on the other hand,
was still putting his audit plan together.
Green Skies used analytics to give him
a visual representation
of the high risk areas
to aide his decision in the audit plan
and because the reports provided
interactive visualization
of the data, both Wayne and Barbara
were able to present more
comprehensive information
to their audit committees,
compliance departments,
financial statement
auditors, and executives.
If you are like Wayne or
Barbara, and want to do more,
get more coverage, more
insight, more wisdom,
let Green Skies Analytics be your partner.
(soft music)